

Please tell me the project details.
Its a pure development.
In that project, My role would be.

what is the technologies? you have used.



Cognizant
Monolitic vs Microservices
Junit test cases
How to prepare Mock server
How to write test cases for dependency objects
config server Why we use?
How to communicate or How to identify the one service to another in Eureka 
What is the Ioc container and their types
What is the singleton design pattern
What is the factory design pattern
how security you can acheive in your project
How we can add certificate in project
What is hystrix
What is circuit breaker
What is  zuul 
what is JMS
Indexing
Performance tuning (is there any tool you have used?)
How can you create datasource through autoconfiguration or manual
Mainfeast file
pipeline file
Loadbalancing client side and server side, How we can manage loadbancing for depenent Microservices




TCS internal

can we call subclass constructor from super class constructor and vice varsa
Can we declare constructor as private or protected
Desstructor in java
Can we declare interface as abstaract or protected  
What type of variable declare in interface
Array vs LinkedList (Performance wise)
How to sort without any method 
String senarios 
String s="abc";
String s1="abc";
What will be the output

Co-varient overriding
What is the use of Overrriding vs overhinding

JVM is abstraction or implemetation

Swap two numbers
Call by value or call by reference
operator overloading in java
Checked vs unchecked exception
Callstack flow
Syncronization internal implementation 
How to lock object
functional interface and lambda expression
How to define custom exception class
if try having return statement.. finally block execute or not ?? what is the flow?
mainfeast file use
 

How to avoid conflicts and resolve through Git
Weekly scheduled backup or trigger jobs in jenkins
Autoboxing and unboxing 

Arraylist ... How to indenfied data type. 
If you have 2000 microservices in PCF, How to check status for all without login of PCF.